not a valid reason for awarding credit. Carolyn's supporting example, that higher level courses with more difficult and<n>plentiful homework are worth the same amount of credit as introductory 100-level courses, drives this point home. And<n>she's backed up by our school's system of awarding units<n>	#blog#	blog_blog-varsity-athletics.txt
The return of the first theme is certainly immediately recognized as such; however, there are some important differences. Firstly, its initial appearance in the exposition had a minor flare to it; the first chord in Example 9 is an F-minor triad, and the first four notes of Example 8 ascend the F-minor scale. In the recapitulation of this theme, shown in Example 19, the first chord is an F-major chord, and the A♭ is replaced by A♮ in the melody. In fact, the chord progression of the first four measures of Example 19 can be thought of tonally as I-vi-V in F major—while we are reluctant to say that this passage is in major (the conspicuous A♭ in measure 490 easily brings doubt to this interpretation), we can certainly say that the minor flare of the beginning has been replaced by a major flare here in the recapitulation.<n>In addition to the “mode”-shift, we notice that the metric dissonance shown in Examples 9 and 10 no longer appears (notice how regular the rhythm of the accompanying figure is in Example 19) and also that the written meter no longer changes. In other words, the piece, in becoming more regular, is beginning to drive towards the finish—because of the formal structure, the recapitulation of the first theme also serves as the closing section of the movement. Indeed, this section has the feel of a Coda to it—it is much shorter than any other major section or subsection, and the tonic harmony is active throughout. There are also no phrase divisions—the music simply drives forward with no pause until measure 514, where the fugato motive appears in the brass over an obvious V-I cadence, signaling the end of the movement which occurs as the motive completes.<n>example 19: measures 488-494: the first theme in the recapitulation<n>	#essays#	essays_Bartok.txt
Odd-year elections attract relatively few ballot issues. But the 1989 fall total of 80, while well below 1988 activity, shows "a steady ratcheting up in citizen referenda and initiatives," says Patrick McGuigan, editor of Family, Law and Democracy Report. He says the 10 citizen-sparked issues on state ballots this fall represent the most in any odd-year this decade. Ballot questions range from a Maine initiative on banning Cruise missiles to a referendum on increasing the North Dakota income tax.<n>Ballot watchers say attention already is focused on the 1990 elections. In California, two petition drives for next year's election are "essentially finished," says David Schmidt, author of "Citizen Lawmakers." Mr. McGuigan cites three completed efforts in Oklahoma. Hot ballot topics are expected to be abortion, the environment and insurance reform.<n>Taking a cue from California, more politicians will launch their campaigns by backing initiatives, says David Magleby of Brigham Young University.<n>	#newspaper:newswire#	newspaper:newswire_wsj_0120.txt
